2
4:13 angular.json build configuration, internationalisation and more
package.json dependencies
tsconfig.json ts settings
app.components.ts new functionalities. Determine what the screen will dispay
3
class:
date from API, or define events for ex. (model)
template :
define ui for the component (view)
style :
CSS, SAS, LESS. Scoped to our component
1:32 Hearder. We don t need to make as a component. We add it to the app cpnt template
1 :48 Case ao search box and search result. Tey are together so we kee them in thier own  cpnt called HomeComponent
They can be nested and used inside another
2:02 Photo and location can create a cpnt.
Style and structure will be the same bute the data different. And will use it IN Home cpnt
3:20 style:
ng generate component home --standalone --inline-template
--standalone reduce complexity and cool features
--inline-template less files to manage
4:40 rererence the new cpnt in the template. Section a a link to the header element with a class content as a child of the section element.
4:51 Add section with a class "content". Lets add our cpnt Wapp-homeX
5:29 the import tell de dependencies for the child cpnt
5:57 set a value array to the import
6:30 mark up in Home cpnt for the search bar and result. Add a section elt with a form as a child.
And a button with a type attribute set to button
Another section that ahe the class result. Add the housing location to the result section
Before let s create a cpnt for it. And we have to import it and add it as a depedency of the Home cpnt
6:40 add a form as a title <form>. It has no 2 children
7:30 ng generate component HousingLocation --standalone --inline-template
8:010 add dependency of the home cpnt
8:04 add a file of import for HousingLocation cpnt
Add a file of import for HousingLocation cpnt . But automaticaly after updating decorator array*/
8:32 add the tag in the section of the template of the same file. Confirmation en cascade avec l'affichage txt "...works!"
For now we have only this txt in the result section. Add <app-housing-location>
4
0:30 add a section elt with the class "listing"
next , add 3 type elts. image tag with the class "listing-photo". header tag with class "listing-heading". paragraph tag with the class "listing-location"
1:30 now the HTML does not have any content. Need a special property that mahe housing location unique. Fortubatly we have the feature 'input properties'
How should that data be configured? In a specific form. It is a job for a type. We create an interface to use in our app.
3:16 ng generate interface housingLocation
4:07 we use input data property tu pass our data to our cpnt and use an interface to let our cpnt what type of data we expect.
You can mark up a cpnr with an input decorator and this tell to angular what king od data can be send in our template.
4:24 We need to import to include the import from angular/core
We also need to import he HousingLocation
Newt in the value of HousingLocation cpnt class , we need a new property called housingLocation of type HousingLocation.
We have to prefix the HousingLocation property with the input decorator to make it an input property.
Show an errot because the import expects a value to be passed. So we have to initialize it. In this case we know the value that will be passed in : "!". So update with the "s commision point" as the property name.
It is called the non asosial operator (?) . I tell typescript compiler that the value of that property won t be known indefined.
Now our cpnt has an input property named HousingLocation that we can work with
In  the cpnt decorator metadata let us update the typely property to access the property that we need to display.
5:53 The image tag need
8:43 goo.gle/homes-app-listings
9:09 in JS when we want to map an array like a for loop. In Angular the syntax is ngFor directive. Add additional elt in a component.
9:38 update <app-housing-location> Represent an entry from housingLocationList
10:05 Now let us pass housingLocation data to the housing-location cpnt using the input from the cpnt.
Update <app-housing-location> Open square" braket
There should be a separate attribute on app-housing-location cpnt tag and not a par of ngFor.


5
is a way to navigate beween out cpnt which represent our pages. Same when we click on a lick and navigate to another page
Home cppnt-XAngular Router-XDetails cpnt
We need to configure our app to support this router. We could have include ir automaticaly during the setup but more fun by doing herself.
1:04 in main.ts :
iùport
in bootstrapApplication, add a property "provider" whic is an array. And a value in it. A call to the provideRouter function. This empty array represents our app router.
Router defines which pass link to cpnt in teh app.
We have to create a file route.ts. touch src/app/routes.ts
import
create a constant routeConfig wich value is an array.Need to be availble with an export
We need to update our app based on the currunt routes : in app.cpnt.ts.
import RouterModule
update array od cpnt metaData
3:23 now we can use the features of the router in our app in the template for this cpnt. With te router directive <router-outlet> which have the same name into braquet.
We use a directive but now includinf=g a template. We did not change any od the surrounding HTML. THat HTML will persist between the HTML and the navigate tool application.
4:21 If we save the app and chexk the browser, it will display a black screen with just the header. As expected because we have not defined anoy routes just yet.
4:36 in routes.ts we have tocreate a route for the home page. In the array let s write a new entry
path property with the value empty string. The path represents wich URL match with cpnt. Home cpnt by default. That why it is empty.
To make it better, we add a title
5:36 Let s add import to the file import list in main.ts. Don t suroung in curly braces. Give acces to the routs that we  defined.
Then update the providerRouter function call
5 6:29 lets create all details cpnt witj angular CLI. ng g c details --standalone --inline-template
g: generate c: cpnt --standalone structure of cpnt
Reduce the number of files generated and sources of typing later
We need that the users can navigate between ccpnt.
1 Add a new route 5 8:00
Import on routes.ts and add entry in config array. path entry with the string value details. Add a cpnt property with the value beeing referenced to the DetailsComponent that we just imported. Title property with the string value 'Details Page'.
2 Add a link to the details page to the housing-location
Update the template property of the cpnt decorator meta data to include angular elt as the large child of the setion elt.
Set the displayed text of Angular to learn more.
9:07 import module RouterModule and metadata array
Update template to incilude a router link in camelcase attribute with a string value details
5 10:00 We have not added template in Details with property code. And how we will know which housinglocation to display int the Details? Nedd som way to identify it.
To pass an identifier ti Details Route via an URL. And we reference the housing location by that id.
10:53 surround routerLink with braquets to indicqte that support value more than a string. Signle quote vor the value.
11:57 For now the URL localhost:4200/detail/2 does not work because there is no route that matches that PATH.
We will use parameterized routes in Angular form
12:34 in route.ts : :id for a programative value
13:15 in details.components.ts we update the code to get access tu the URL parameter so we can use it in our component.
In the body we add a property type route of ActivatedRoute. It is a refenrence to the current route we match the gest into the application. From there we can get acces to the value route information including the parameter we need to find our data.
13:54 Also let s create another property called housingLocationId and set the value to 0.
14:01 create a method access no parameter named constructo. We make the next change in the body of the constructor. Assign this.housingLocationId  , the value this.route.snapshot.params.
But we don t need to instanciate a new instance here.
14:40 Let us update our template with decorator metadata. Use interpolation to pinn housingLocationId to the "details works" text.


